Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which methods did you decide to `overload`, and why?
  In the House Class, I overloaded the constructors. One has no parameters at all, which resets the <Name Unknown> into <House Name Unknown>. I set the number of floors into 4, the presence of dining into false, the presence of elevator into false, for default values. I changed it that way because even it has no parameters given, when building it we know that the type of building is house. Also, most houses have four floors with neither dining hall and elevator. Another has a name and dining as the two parameters, as I thought most students only know those two. This calls the former overloaded method and changes the name and hasDiningRoom variables into given values.
  In the Cafe Class, I also overloaded the constructors. Cafe() with no parameters resets the default name into <Cafe Name Unknown> instead of <Name Unknown>, as they would know that it's a cafe, even without name. I also set the default number of floors into 2. For another method, it only has the name parameter, so that the person can build the cafe with only the name.
  In the Library Class, I overloaded the constructors as well. One has no parameters, which resets the default name as <Library Name Unknown> with same reason above, that I would know the type of building without the name. For this one, it sets the hasElevator true for default, because most library has elevator. Another method overloads the constructor passing in the name and the number of floors. I thought students would know at least those two.
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?
  Overriding the showOptions() and goToFloors(n) worked, and overloading the methods in each class also worked. Though, overriding the goToFloors(n) were a bit confusing because I couldn't modify the goToFloor method in the parent class, which is the Building class here. So, I added the hasElevator attribute to both House and Library class, but I felt it might seem inefficient in some way. I would give an advice to read the instructions and guidelines and structure the code before you start to write the codes. This would make the way you code much clearer and quicker.
